== README


### Instagram User Stories

High Level wishlist:

* Authenticate with my instagram account
* See my basic profile information (username, profile pic)
* View a list of recent posts from my feed
* View photos for each post
* View comments for each post
* View like count for each post

Additional interactions might include:

* Infinite Scroll to view more photos
* Post a comment on a post

User stories:

__Iteration 1 - Wednesday afternoon__

1. As a new user, when I visit the ThenStagram home page, there should be a button
prompting me to log in. When I click the button, I should be taken through Instagram's
OAuth authentication flow. Assuming I authenticate successfully with my instagram account,
I should be returned to the home page. And I should see my instagram user name.

2. Viewing Profile Information -- As an authenticated user when I visit the home page, __either__: I should have a link to view my profile, and when I click that link I should be taken to a separate page
which displays my Profile Photo, my number of posts, my number of followers, and the number
of people I am following. __OR__ When I view the homepage I should see this profile information
displayed in a separate panel.

3. Viewing photo feed data -- As an authententicated user, when I visit the homepage,
I should see a textual list of posts from users that I am following (this can be
a simple `ul` or similar). Each post should include: the user name of the poster,
the link to the post's image url, the list of comments on the post, and the time
when the post was posted.

4. Viewing photo feed UI -- As an authententicated user, when I visit the homepage,
I should see a rendered of posts from my feed. Here we should model the instagram UI
as closely as possible -- nicely rendered photo, things that are links on instagram
should be links if possible.

__Iteration 2 -- TBD__

* Like a photo
* Comment on a photo

https://gist.github.com/worace/9fe6f9336435001f97cd



Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version - 2.2.2
* System dependencies
* Configuration
* Database creation
* Database initialization
* How to run the test suite
* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)
* Deployment instructions

